ah james bond everyone has at least seen
one of the james bond movies and by the
end of that movie you've definitely
wondered how the [ __ ] is bond not dead
well in this video we're gonna be
stepping into the shoes of an
ex-mi6 agent turned james bond villain
and seeing if he could have made better
decisions and ultimately beaten james
bond in the 2012 skyfall movie
so this time maybe the villain will
finally win at least once
i'm also going to be breaking down the
film for anyone who perhaps hasn't seen
the movie or doesn't remember what
happened
so our movie begins with james bond
walking into a dark hallway and
entering an ominous room inside there
are multiple dead secret agents and a
hard drive missing from a computer which
apparently was very important
it's honestly pure luck that the
villains were able to get to this hard
drive in the first place
the mi6 agents guarding it were
completely incompetent and just left
this important hard drive plugged into a
laptop
placed randomly on a desk rather than in
a safe or something
getting back to the movie bond walks
back outside and we can see they're on
the streets of istanbul
i was only able to figure this out
because i've been playing way too much
geoguesser
here he's picked up by moneypenny his
sidekick slash
assistant slash secret lover secretary
fellow field agent and together they go
after whoever stole this hard drive
they figured out that he's in a black
audi and after a short chase they're
able to ram him off the side of the road
it turns out that the person in the car
wasn't actually the villain himself but
one of the villains henchmen
and him and bond get into a fire fight
my only question for the villain's
henchman here is why is he just standing
tall in the open like a teenager's
erection on a warm summer morning
he's lucky he didn't get hit by one of
bond's bullets so to prevent this he
definitely should have taken some cover
behind his car door
bond and the henchmen eventually get
onto motorbikes and they start an
intense chase on the rooftops
eventually bond is able to catch up with
the henchmen and they end up fighting on
top of a train
money penny who had been chasing them by
a car this entire time
is forced to take a risky sniper shot to
try to kill the henchman
before he gets into a tunnel and escapes
to the hard drive however she
unfortunately hits bond and allows the
henchman to escape
or should i say fortunately she hit
spawn since we're on the villain side
this video
and here's where the movie officially
starts of course is the usual james bond
cinematic with the movie song and
personally i really like this one so if
you haven't heard it already i strongly
recommend you check it out
it takes a little bit for the villain to
show back up again but i'll do a quick
recap just so everyone knows what's
happening up until that point
so when the movie officially starts we
follow em who is basically the leader of
all the spies and she watches as the mi6
office is hacked by the time she arrives
at her office
it [ __ ] explodes well that is one way
to start a movie
and also talk about having a bad day at
work because this seems a little worse
than
a bad cup of coffee we then cut over to
james bond who seems to be having a uh
a really really great time so bond has
been presumed dead after getting shot
off the train and he's been using this
time to retire and live life to the
fullest
well he doesn't stay retired for too
long because when m returns to apartment
she sees james bond sitting right there
if she was any younger you'd assume bond
has some ulterior motives
but he actually just wants to re-enlist
as a spy so they bring him to the london
underground to an old world war ii
bunker that's been refurbished to be the
new mi6 headquarters
here bond undergoes various
psychological and physical tests to see
if he's still fit for service
well he fails all the tests but they
choose to hire him anyways because
he's really the best they've got using a
knife bond removes the bullet shrapnel
from its body and they analyze it and
find it's extremely rare and expensive
so they're able to quickly trace it to
one of the few people that own it
and it's the henchman this is where the
hentron makes a big mistake why would be
using rounds that is so easy
to identify this is just going to get
them caught very easily
and it's not like different bullets will
make a big difference when you're
shooting at a person
and with some help from their cia
friends bond is able to figure out that
this dude is going to be in shanghai
soon so
bond makes a b-line straight to shanghai
here he goes and meets up with an agent
known as q
and if you haven't been living under a
rock you know that q is the dude that
gives bond all his gadgets
however in this movie the gadgets seem
to be a step down from the usual ones
it's literally just a gun that can only
be fired with your fingerprints
and a gps system that's a tiny radio you
could literally buy those two
off of ebay compared to previous movies
where those things such as cars that can
turn completely invisible
later bond is tailing the henchman and
he's brought to a tall building here the
villain kills a security guard in plain
view of everyone and
enters the elevator i would strongly
suggest luring the guard to an area that
isn't a display case to the general
public before shooting him
because if someone happened to see what
you did you could have both cops and
james bond to worry about
luckily for the henchmen no one actually
sees it and he goes up an elevator
but unluckily for him james bond is
somehow superhuman and he grabs onto the
elevator just before it leaves the
ground and then hangs on there for a
long time
i say superhuman maybe because i'm just
super skinny and unfit
when going up the elevator though the
henchman for some reason removes the
silencer i don't understand why you
would do this
just keep the silencer on in case you
need to shoot anyone else this way it
won't alert any other guards to the area
the henchman then steps off the elevator
and goes to set up a sniper rifle where
he snipes a high profile target he's
getting paid to kill basically
after the snipe he sees bond's
reflection in the glass so he quickly
turns around and takes a shot with a
sniper rifle
this is not a good idea because a sniper
rifle is not usually effective at close
range and if you miss the first shot
there's a long time before you can take
your second shot
instead what he should have done is
drawn the pistol in his pocket from
earlier
this way even if he missed first shot he
would have multiple other shots to try
to kill him
but because the henchman missed his
first shot with the sniper and didn't
use his handgun him and bond eventually
get into a fistfight where the henchmen
loses
and it sends him tumbling off the side
of the building james bond catches the
henchman as he's dangling
off the side of a building however the
henchman doesn't reveal his boss's name
and falls to death
this is a good move on the villain's
part on hiring people that at least
don't snitch on him the instant they get
the chance
but what this henchman could have done
is attempted to take james bond down
with him
we could see that bond is not in a very
secure position when holding all this
dude's weight
so if this dude rocked up and down on
james bond's arm like a porn star jumps
on johnny since dick
he might be able to take bond down with
him which would definitely be a win for
the villains
because bond lived he's able to look
through the henchmen's briefcase which
includes a strange coin that bond
eventually tracks to nearby casino
meanwhile back at mi6 headquarters m
seems to be having a little bit of a
computer problem and when she clicks the
link that was in the virus it shows that
five of her secret agent's identities
have been exposed and this is all
because of that stolen hard drive from
earlier
but this is also where the villains made
the biggest mistake that the good guys
didn't even catch
they uploaded all the agents names to
youtube where no one would see it
like come on who in their right mind
would search up agents revealed
also they published the remaining agents
as unlisted videos to be released later
the police authorities could have just
asked the youtube company to take all
these down considering it's a national
level threat
finally youtube could track all users so
even if the villain is a crazy hacker
which he is
they probably could have still gotten
some information with their own hackers
instead they could have just sent an
email to every dictator that had a spy
in their country this way the dictator
would dispose of the spy for them
on the other side of the world bond goes
to casino and macau to cash in the
criminal's chip
there he meets moneypenny and they go
together there he's able to cash in the
chip for a hefty bounty as it was
supposed to be pay for the henchmen
sniping the dude off the tower
bond is then approached by a girl named
severine who used to be the henchman's
accomplice
and with a few drinks he's able to
figure out she's a former sex slave that
was rescued by the criminal and forced
to work with him
just then the villains figure out that
bond is at the casino
so they send a few men after him the big
mistake is none of these men even have
guns even if they wanted bond alive they
should definitely have brought
tranquilizer darts or something like
that
because fighting one on one or one on
three with bond is usually not a great
idea
after winning the fight james bond goes
back to find severine
and he gets in her boat and when i say
he gets in her boat i say he gets into
her boat
bond promises if severine can get him to
the main villain's place he will kill
him and free her so they drive by a boat
to the main villain's island
here bond is tied down to the chair and
were introduced to the main villain for
the first time his name is silva and
he's a former mi6 agent that was quote
unquote betrayed by em
and now he's a secret hacker for some
reason during this talk things turn a
little bit
gay we can either eat each other
the two eventually go outside where bond
sees severity tied up
silva puts a glass of whiskey on
severine's head and forces bond to play
a game whoever knocks the glass off her
head first with a gun
wins so bond takes the first shot and
misses silva wins the game by shooting
the girl
and she falls over and the glass falls
off her head so silva wins
after this james bond gets angry and
kills all the gangsters leaving silva
alone
it turns out that bond also has some
backup because he radioed for help a lot
earlier
if you've already watched this movie you
know that silva wants to get captured so
he can get closer to him
so knowing his plan i would have
definitely killed james bond first
the helicopters would still come and
you'd still get captured you just
wouldn't have to worry about james bond
anymore
while silva is kept in confinement he's
visited by m and they have a
conversation it turns out
em betrayed him back all those years ago
in hong kong and gave him up in exchange
for six other agents
and he didn't even know this so he
protected her secrets despite being
tortured
he even tried to kill himself with a
cyanide pill and it failed leaving him
mangled
at this point i almost feel bad for
silva and it makes him seem less like a
villain and more like the good guy
later bot and q attempt to access
silva's computer however this turns out
to be a trap set by silva and he hacks
into their system and releases himself
where he's able to escape through the
london underground my only concern for
the villain is that there's multiple
guards watching him at all times so if
he releases himself when one of the
guards is looking at him he might get
shot while leaving the cage
eventually bonded q tracks silva into a
subway where bond is forced to jump onto
the train and chase silva through it
eventually he quarters silva but silva
has a little surprise in the form of a
train for him
[Music]
using this distraction silva is able to
escape the underground and hop into a
police vehicle filled with other
henchmen disguised as officers
here silva the crew attempt to go to
em's trial where they plan to kill her
silva gets there just as m is finishing
her speech so he comes in and takes a
shot however the first shot is blocked
by someone standing up
he then hesitates on the second shot and
then completely misses it
the mistake the villain made is they had
plenty of time to prepare
and the only thing they brought was a
pistol instead i would bring machine
guns and light the entire room full of
bullets
this would for sure kill m before james
bond can arrive or even better they
should have brought some sort of pipe
bomb or grenades and just chucked it
into the room and left
this would for sure blow up m as well
unfortunately for the villains because
they took so long
bond gets there just in time and pops
the fire extinguishers giving em
a smoke screen and allowing her to
escape after escaping vuan
brings m to his childhood home where
they meet bond's old caretaker from when
he was a kid
and then they rigged the house full of
traps and prepared to fight silva and
his men for the last time
remember bond and his people don't
exactly have the best weapons so this
should be pretty easy for silva right
well not exactly because silva and the
villains in this movie are [ __ ]
idiots
when they send in the first wave of men
they don't bring any explosives the men
are only armed with machine guns and
they walk up to the house until ambushed
by james bond is in a car that has
machine guns attached to it
they should have definitely had at least
one person with a rocket launcher in
case this happened that way they could
just blow up the car james bond is in
and then kill everyone on the inside of
the house
the remaining soldiers in the first wave
eventually get blown up by various traps
and the first wave is defeated
it's actually quite smart for the
villain to send people in in multiple
waves that way
their opponent might expend all their
resources on the first wave allowing the
second wave to have a much easier time
eventually the second wave of men
arrived at the house except this time
it's by helicopter and they immediately
start spraying the house full of bullets
but for some reason
silva and his men come out of the
helicopter to chase em on foots just
when they're about to kill her this
gives bond enough time to create a giant
explosive which blows up the helicopter
and allows bond
m and his caretaker to escape through a
secret tunnel silva is at least smart
enough to know that they did not
actually die in that giant explosion and
that they probably ran off through a
secret tunnel which they did
so he looks around and sees em walking
around with a flashlight
so they chase after and they meet james
bond in the middle of a frozen lake but
silva monologues for way too long and
this allows james bond to grab the
henchman's gun and escape by shooting
out the ice
silva then walks to the church to try to
kill m but this is obviously a mistake
because you know james bond would never
lose a one-on-one
what silva should have done is basically
spawn camp james bond for when he comes
out of the ice and immediately just
shoot and kill him
that way he could do whatever he wanted
with them now that james bond is dead
while inside the church silva tries to
get em to kill them both by holding a
gun to both their heads
but since he didn't kill james bond
earlier james bond spoils his plans by
throwing a knife into his back
and this is where our villain loses but
what is one way our villain could have
easily won without even having to get
his own hands dirty
well we know that this villain is one of
the best hackers in the world
and he can hack literally everything
including the mi6 headquarters
which means it's very realistic he
probably could have hacked the military
and sent a tactical nuke or some sort of
tactical missile
straight to the house and just blew
everyone up however since he doesn't do
this
m ends up dying in bonds arms instead of
by suicide
and bond goes back to his office where
he's given yet another mission
and that's where the skyfall movie ends
if you enjoyed this series where i teach
the villain how he could have
potentially won the movie be sure to hit
that subscribe button for more
and also leave a comment on what movie
you want to be done next whether it's a
bond film or any other film you want the
villain to win
i just want to say i really appreciate
all the supports my viewers have been
giving me recently none of this would be
possible without you bros
and with that being said i just want to
say this is andrew from obsessive films
signing out and have a great 4th of july